Retrovol
https://github.com/pizzasgood/retrovol
git://github.com/pizzasgood/retrovol.git

---- Legal Jazz --------------------------------------------------------------
 
 This software is released into the public domain.
 
 This software includes the eggtrayicon.c and eggtrayicon.h libraries, which
 were released under the GNU LGPL.  They are copyrighted by Anders Carlsson,
 not myself.  I claim no credit for them; they are unmodified.  Copies of the
 GNU GPL and GNU LGPL are included in this package named gpl.txt and lgpl.txt,
 in compliance with Section 4e of the GNU LGPL.
 
---- End Legal Jazz ----------------------------------------------------------

Retrovol is a volume setting program.  It adds an icon to the tray that can be
scrolled on to change the volume.  It can be middle-clicked to mute/unmute. It
can be right-clicked to get a menu with an option to display the main window,
which lists all the volume controls it can detect on your system.

Sliders can be controlled by clicking, draging, scrolling (either up/down or
left/right), and by using the left/right and PgUp/PgDown keys.  Note that for
the keyboard to work, you have to select the control with the keyboard.  There
is no visual feedback yet to show whether a control is selected (this will be
improved eventually).

For stereo audio controls, you can modify only the left or right channels by
holding the shift or control keys respectively while manipulating the slider.

Configuration changes can be made in the ~/.retrovolrc file, or through the
preferences window at File->Configure.  For example, you can change the colors
to green and blue, make the segments fatter, disable the tray icon, and have
the main window only display specific sliders.

Retrovol will only allow one instance to run at a time.  If you attempt to
launch a second instance it will instead pop up the main window if it isn't
already visible.

Also, Retrovol accepts a -bg <hexcolor> commandline option to specify the tray
icon's background color.  Normally it will just use the normal GTK background
color, but if that doesn't match your tray, you can use this to adjust it.
This can also be specified in the config file (or through the preferences gui)
but those are not convenient to automatically update to match the colorscheme
when you change WM themes or whatever.  Thus the -bg option is provided so
that the script which launches Retrovol could look at the color of the theme
and supply that on the commandline, without needing to modify the config file.
